"Covenent of Love" is on a mission to promote spriritual consciousness by focusing on an awareness of skills 
mentally and physically that enable individuals to go beyond their conditioned limits that
restrict life. It is our earnest desire that each individual be empowered with an enhanced outlook on
living and new internalized ambitions. 

"Covenent of Love" values continued personal growth so that we may labor with those
that need to be empowered. We will continue focusing on providing quality services to 
those that depend on us while ethically meeting each governmental standard. 


"be transformed by the renewing of your mind..." Romans 12:2

For focus on cognitive and behavioral changes that last a lifetime:
Medicaid/ Medicare approved services 
Behavioral Health Services (Outpatient Program)
Indivual and/or Group Therapy
Substance Abuse Counseling 
Basic skills/Psychosocial Training
Crisis Intervention
Anger/Stress Management
Anxiety/Depression Coping
Mental Health Evaluations
Medication Management 

Other Resources:

State Licensed CBLA Housing and Behavioral Modification 
Independent/Shelter/Displaced Living 
Released Offenders (probation/parole welcome)
State Licensed Residential Group Care Facility (Category 11)
Employment Skills Training
Court Appointed Community Service 


Community Food and Household Supplies/ Disaster Relief Program 
Every 2nd, 3rd, 4th, and 5th Monday of the month
location alternates between:

1100 No. Martin Luther King Blvd, Suite C
Las Vegas, NV 89106

or 

3435 W. Lake Mead Blvd, Unit 105
Las Vegas, NV 89032

For time and location call 702-810-4830

<!--- Contact and founders--!>

Charlene Bynum- Founder
702-8104830

Ke'Tobie Kiper, Cheif of Quality Assurance
702-628-1162

Or contact us here!

[   message table   ]


Founders:
Pastor/Elder Ronald E. Bynum
&
Pastor/Doctoral Student Charlene White Bynum
Originated in North Las Vegas NV, Clark County (2005)

Supporters:
Antonio F. White & Family
Rustirer P. Armstrong & Family
Ke'Tobie J Kiper & Family-
Mothters, Fathers, Sons, Daughters, Granchildren & Great Grandson

Home of Worship 
Hal-le-lu-jah Church 
3016 Vegas Drive,
Las Vegas, NV 89106
Phone: 702-810-4830

<!--testimonials--!>
The people here at Covenant Of Love came through in my biggest time of need during the pandemic when I couldn't find help for me and my family anywhere. I was provided with counseling, housing referrals, and essential items that I couldn't afford but genuinely needed.

Thank You,

Janice Scott

Life has become unmanageable due to the hardships my family suffers from. Thanks to the folks @ Covenant Of love and their guidance, assistance, and services I was able to be stabilized and will forever be thankful!


M. Washington

"Straight From The Source"

 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 
  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

Here at Covenant of Love UUL Corporation we partner our efforts jointly with 3 Square, 
Walmart, Amazon, Good 360, Home Depot, Best Buy, United Movement Organization Kindness, 
Harvest Time International, Local Grocery Stores Chains, Various Churches, and Metropolitan
 Homeless Prevention doing our part assisting our community in all things Essential! 
 We welcome you to join us helping our community and those in need.

 Founders:
 Pastor/Elder Ronald E. Bynum
 &
 Pastor/Doctoral Student Charlene White Bynum 
 Established 2005, North Las Vegas. 
 Supporters:
 Antonio F. White and family,
 Rustirer P. Armstrong and family, 
 and Ke'Tobie J. Kiper and family.

 Mothers, Fathers, Sons, Daughters, Granchildren and Great Granchildren.



Our efforts in community resource distribution involves volunteers, partnering agencies, 
and our very own staff. “The common goal is to assist those in need.”

Covenant Of Love UUL Corporation has a “Boots on the ground“ mentality towards community involvement  
as we assist our community and those impacted by life’s hardships.